README.md, before:

<!-- Animated Title -->
<div align="center">
  <h1>
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Roboto&weight=700&size=36&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=0d47a1&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=👋+Hi+there%2C+I'm+Naresh+Rana+%F0%9F%91%8B;%F0%9F%91%A8%F0%9F%8F%BB%E2%80%8D%F0%9F%92%BB+Full+Stack+Developer;%F0%9F%A4%96+AI%2FML+Enthusiast;%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F+DevOps+Engineer" alt="Typing SVG">
  </h1>
</div>

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/images/banner.svg" alt="Banner" width="100%">
</p>

<!-- Social Links with Profile View Count -->
<p align="center" style="margin-top: 20px;">
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://wa.me/916363830414" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" alt="WhatsApp"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:nareshrana1999@outlook.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-outlook&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/>
  </a>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NareshRana1999&style=for-the-badge&color=blue&label=Profile+Views" alt="Profile views"/>
</p>

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  
  <!-- GitHub Stats Row -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NareshRana1999&show_icons=true&theme=radical&bg_color=0d1117&title_color=0d47a1&icon_color=0d47a1&text_color=ffffff&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&custom_title=Naresh's%20GitHub%20Stats" alt="Naresh's GitHub Stats" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- Top Languages -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NareshRana1999&layout=compact&theme=radical&bg_color=0d1117&title_color=0d47a1&text_color=ffffff&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- GitHub Streak -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img align="center" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=NareshRana1999&theme=radical&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=0D47A1&ring=0D47A1&fire=0D47A1&currStreakNum=FFFFFF&sideNums=FFFFFF&currStreakLabel=0D47A1&sideLabels=FFFFFF&dates=FFFFFF" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- GitHub Trophies -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=NareshRana1999&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&row=1&column=7" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- Activity Graph -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999/github-readme-activity-graph">
    <img alt="Naresh's Activity Graph" width="98%" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=NareshRana1999&bg_color=0d1117&color=ffffff&line=0d47a1&point=ffffff&area=true&hide_border=true" />
  </a>
  
</div>

## 👨‍💻 Professional Summary

Computer Science and Engineering graduate with expertise in Full-stack Development, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science in Machine Learning, and DevOps Development. Skilled in Python, JavaScript, Java, React, Node.js, and cloud technologies. Experienced in building robust systems, managing databases, and integrating AI models.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)

### Web Development
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)

### AI/ML
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)

### DevOps & Cloud
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

### Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)


## 💼 Professional Experience

### 🤖 AI - DevOps Engineer
**Aitch Nu Global Technologies** | *2024*  
![DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/DevOps-DevOps-0078D7?style=flat&logo=azure-devops&logoColor=white)  
- Built and maintained CI/CD pipelines for efficient deployments  
- Automated server setup and infrastructure tasks to save time  
- Managed cloud environments to ensure high availability and scalability  
- Integrated AI models into production systems for real-time applications  
- Collaborated with developers to troubleshoot and optimize system and software performance  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-232F3E?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Azure-0078D4?style=flat&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)

---

### 🧠 Machine Learning Trainee (Intern)
**SkillDzire** | *2025*  
![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML-Intern-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)  
- Developed ML models for YOLOv8 object detection, heart disease prediction, and COVID-19 data analysis  
- Applied Python, Pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, and OpenCV to preprocess data and train models  
- Worked on real-world datasets to build and optimize machine learning models  
- Created detailed reports and visualizations to communicate findings  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-013243?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/-OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)

---

### 💼 Accounts Assistant and Storage Manager
**SPEC Company** | *2020*  
![Accounts](https://img.shields.io/badge/Accounts-8E24AA?style=flat&logo=cash-app&logoColor=white)  
- Managed accounting tasks with Tally ERP 9 and prepared financial reports with MS Office tools  
- Handled bookkeeping, processing invoices, managing ledgers, and maintaining financial records  
- Managed tools and components inventory, ensuring accurate data entry and tracking  
- Maintained organized storage systems and managed component distribution  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Tally](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tally_ERP-FF6D00?style=flat&logo=tally&logoColor=white)
![MS Office](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MS_Office-D83B01?style=flat&logo=microsoft-office&logoColor=white)

---

### 🔧 IT Support & Networking Technician
**Store-Based Service** | *2015 – 2016*  
![IT Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/IT_Support-0085CA?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white)  
- Set up and configured computers and programs, including operating systems and software installation  
- Troubleshot and fixed hardware and network problems, maintaining system efficiency  
- Assembled and built computer systems from individual components  
- Provided technical support and maintenance for hardware and software issues  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
![Hardware](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hardware-0085CA?style=flat&logo=hardware&logoColor=white)
![Networking](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Networking-0085CA?style=flat&logo=network&logoColor=white)


<!-- Removed Education and Projects sections as requested -->
## 🏆 Certifications & Achievements

- 🤖 **Machine Learning** – SkillDzire
- 🤖 **AI - DevOps Engineer** – Aitch Nu Global Technologies
- 🔌 **Fiber Optic Communication System** – Skill India (Ministry of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship)
- 💼 **Tally ERP 9**
- 💻 **Diploma in Computer Application Basics - MS Office**

---

## 🌐 Languages

- English (Professional) 🇬🇧
- Hindi (Native) 🇮🇳
- Nepali (Native) 🇳🇵
- Kannada (Fluent)

Commit message:

feat: add simple Now Playing section and remove widget

README.md, after:

<!-- Animated Title -->
<div align="center">
  <h1>
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Roboto&weight=700&size=36&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=0d47a1&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=👋+Hi+there%2C+I'm+Naresh+Rana+%F0%9F%91%8B;%F0%9F%91%A8%F0%9F%8F%BB%E2%80%8D%F0%9F%92%BB+Full+Stack+Developer;%F0%9F%A4%96+AI%2FML+Enthusiast;%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F+DevOps+Engineer" alt="Typing SVG">
  </h1>
</div>

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/images/banner.svg" alt="Banner" width="100%">
</p>

<!-- Social Links with Profile View Count -->
<p align="center" style="margin-top: 20px;">
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://wa.me/916363830414" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" alt="WhatsApp"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:nareshrana1999@outlook.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-outlook&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/>
  </a>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NareshRana1999&style=for-the-badge&color=blue&label=Profile+Views" alt="Profile views"/>
</p>

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  
  <!-- GitHub Stats Row -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NareshRana1999&show_icons=true&theme=radical&bg_color=0d1117&title_color=0d47a1&icon_color=0d47a1&text_color=ffffff&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&custom_title=Naresh's%20GitHub%20Stats" alt="Naresh's GitHub Stats" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- Top Languages -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NareshRana1999&layout=compact&theme=radical&bg_color=0d1117&title_color=0d47a1&text_color=ffffff&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- GitHub Streak -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img align="center" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=NareshRana1999&theme=radical&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=0D47A1&ring=0D47A1&fire=0D47A1&currStreakNum=FFFFFF&sideNums=FFFFFF&currStreakLabel=0D47A1&sideLabels=FFFFFF&dates=FFFFFF" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- GitHub Trophies -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999">
    <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=NareshRana1999&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&row=1&column=7" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
  </a>
  
  <!-- Activity Graph -->
  <a href="https://github.com/NareshRana1999/github-readme-activity-graph">
    <img alt="Naresh's Activity Graph" width="98%" src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=NareshRana1999&bg_color=0d1117&color=ffffff&line=0d47a1&point=ffffff&area=true&hide_border=true" />
  </a>
  
</div>

## 👨‍💻 Professional Summary

Computer Science and Engineering graduate with expertise in Full-stack Development, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science in Machine Learning, and DevOps Development. Skilled in Python, JavaScript, Java, React, Node.js, and cloud technologies. Experienced in building robust systems, managing databases, and integrating AI models.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)

### Web Development
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)

### AI/ML
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)

### DevOps & Cloud
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

### Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)

## 🎵 Now Playing

🎧 Listening to my favorite tunes on [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/)



## 💼 Professional Experience

### 🤖 AI - DevOps Engineer
**Aitch Nu Global Technologies** | *2024*  
![DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/DevOps-DevOps-0078D7?style=flat&logo=azure-devops&logoColor=white)  
- Built and maintained CI/CD pipelines for efficient deployments  
- Automated server setup and infrastructure tasks to save time  
- Managed cloud environments to ensure high availability and scalability  
- Integrated AI models into production systems for real-time applications  
- Collaborated with developers to troubleshoot and optimize system and software performance  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-232F3E?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Azure-0078D4?style=flat&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)

---

### 🧠 Machine Learning Trainee (Intern)
**SkillDzire** | *2025*  
![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML-Intern-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)  
- Developed ML models for YOLOv8 object detection, heart disease prediction, and COVID-19 data analysis  
- Applied Python, Pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, and OpenCV to preprocess data and train models  
- Worked on real-world datasets to build and optimize machine learning models  
- Created detailed reports and visualizations to communicate findings  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-scikit--learn-F7931E?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-150458?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-013243?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/-OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)

---

### 💼 Accounts Assistant and Storage Manager
**SPEC Company** | *2020*  
![Accounts](https://img.shields.io/badge/Accounts-8E24AA?style=flat&logo=cash-app&logoColor=white)  
- Managed accounting tasks with Tally ERP 9 and prepared financial reports with MS Office tools  
- Handled bookkeeping, processing invoices, managing ledgers, and maintaining financial records  
- Managed tools and components inventory, ensuring accurate data entry and tracking  
- Maintained organized storage systems and managed component distribution  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Tally](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tally_ERP-FF6D00?style=flat&logo=tally&logoColor=white)
![MS Office](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MS_Office-D83B01?style=flat&logo=microsoft-office&logoColor=white)

---

### 🔧 IT Support & Networking Technician
**Store-Based Service** | *2015 – 2016*  
![IT Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/IT_Support-0085CA?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white)  
- Set up and configured computers and programs, including operating systems and software installation  
- Troubleshot and fixed hardware and network problems, maintaining system efficiency  
- Assembled and built computer systems from individual components  
- Provided technical support and maintenance for hardware and software issues  

**Tech Stack**: 
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
![Hardware](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hardware-0085CA?style=flat&logo=hardware&logoColor=white)
![Networking](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Networking-0085CA?style=flat&logo=network&logoColor=white)


<!-- Removed Education and Projects sections as requested -->
## 🏆 Certifications & Achievements

- 🤖 **Machine Learning** – SkillDzire
- 🤖 **AI - DevOps Engineer** – Aitch Nu Global Technologies
- 🔌 **Fiber Optic Communication System** – Skill India (Ministry of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship)
- 💼 **Tally ERP 9**
- 💻 **Diploma in Computer Application Basics - MS Office**

---

## 🌐 Languages

- English (Professional) 🇬🇧
- Hindi (Native) 🇮🇳
- Nepali (Native) 🇳🇵
- Kannada (Fluent)
